README.md, before:

# WebScrapper

A webscraper made for fun

`PORT: 8000`

## Site Scrapped

```sh
https://theguardian.com/international
```

### Sample Scrapped JSON

```sh
[
    {
      "title": "Get fruity  Vintage botanical watercolours – in pictures ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2021/sep/26/get-fruity-vintage-botanical-watercolours-in-pictures-catalog-atelier"
    },
    {
      "title": "Haitians fleeing and Hotel Rwanda case  Human rights this fortnight ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/gallery/2021/sep/25/haitians-fleeing-and-hotel-rwanda-case-human-rights-this-fortnight-in-pictures"
    },
    {
      "title": "Haitian migrants and California wildfires  Twenty photographs of the week ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2021/sep/24/twenty-photographs-of-the-week"
    },
    {
      "title": "A happy baby on a train  Dina Alfasi’s best phone picture ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2021/sep/25/a-happy-baby-on-a-train-dina-alfasis-best-phone-picture"
    },
    {
      "title": "  Germany election: SPD wins narrow victory as Merkel era ends in near-deadlock ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/26/germany-election-race-to-be-next-chancellor-going-to-wire-as-results-come-in"
    },
    {
      "title": "  German election: Social Democrats secure narrow win as CDU plunges to historic low – as it happened ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2021/sep/26/germany-election-2021-results-reaction-angela-merkel-era-ends-baerbock-scholz-laschet-spd-greens-cdu-live-latest-updates"
    },
    {
      "title": "  China to limit abortions for ‘non-medical purposes’ ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/china-to-limit-abortions-for-non-medical-purposes"
    },
    {
      "title": "  German election 2021: full results and analysis ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2021/sep/26/german-election-results-exit-poll-and-possible-coalitions"
    },
    {
      "title": "  Monday briefing: PM could call in the troops over petrol crisis ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/monday-briefing-troops-petrol"
    },
    {
      "title": "Live  Coronavirus live news: fourth Brazil UN attendee tests positive; life expectancy falls by most since second world war ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2021/sep/27/coronavirus-live-news-fourth-brazil-un-attendee-tests-positive-life-expectancy-falls-by-most-since-second-world-war"
    },
    {
      "title": "  ‘A great loss’: tributes pour in for pioneering PNG female doctor who died from Covid ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/a-great-loss-tributes-pour-in-for-pioneering-png-female-doctor-who-died-from-covid"
    },
    {
      "title": "German election  SPD wins narrow victory as Merkel era ends in near-deadlock ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/26/germany-election-race-to-be-next-chancellor-going-to-wire-as-results-come-in"
    },
    {
      "title": "Coronavirus  Pandemic has wiped out years of progress on life expectancy, finds study ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/society/2021/sep/27/covid-has-wiped-out-years-of-progress-on-life-expectancy-finds-study"
    },
    {
      "title": "Cop26   Climate talks will not fulfil aims of Paris agreement, key players warn ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/sep/27/cop26-climate-talks-will-not-fulfil-aims-of-paris-agreement-key-players-warn"
    },
    {
      "title": "Tony awards 2021  Moulin Rouge! musical triumphs in a Broadway celebration ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2021/sep/27/tony-awards-2021-australian-musical-moulin-rouge-triumphs-in-a-broadway-celebration"
    },
]
```

Commit message:

feat: TODO - add Slackbot to app in future

README.md, after:

# WebScrapper

A webscraper made for fun

`PORT: 8000`
TODO: Add Slackbot to App when the app throws an error

## Site Scrapped

```sh
https://theguardian.com/international
```

### Sample Scrapped JSON

```sh
[
    {
      "title": "Get fruity  Vintage botanical watercolours – in pictures ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2021/sep/26/get-fruity-vintage-botanical-watercolours-in-pictures-catalog-atelier"
    },
    {
      "title": "Haitians fleeing and Hotel Rwanda case  Human rights this fortnight ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/gallery/2021/sep/25/haitians-fleeing-and-hotel-rwanda-case-human-rights-this-fortnight-in-pictures"
    },
    {
      "title": "Haitian migrants and California wildfires  Twenty photographs of the week ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2021/sep/24/twenty-photographs-of-the-week"
    },
    {
      "title": "A happy baby on a train  Dina Alfasi’s best phone picture ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/2021/sep/25/a-happy-baby-on-a-train-dina-alfasis-best-phone-picture"
    },
    {
      "title": "  Germany election: SPD wins narrow victory as Merkel era ends in near-deadlock ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/26/germany-election-race-to-be-next-chancellor-going-to-wire-as-results-come-in"
    },
    {
      "title": "  German election: Social Democrats secure narrow win as CDU plunges to historic low – as it happened ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2021/sep/26/germany-election-2021-results-reaction-angela-merkel-era-ends-baerbock-scholz-laschet-spd-greens-cdu-live-latest-updates"
    },
    {
      "title": "  China to limit abortions for ‘non-medical purposes’ ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/china-to-limit-abortions-for-non-medical-purposes"
    },
    {
      "title": "  German election 2021: full results and analysis ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2021/sep/26/german-election-results-exit-poll-and-possible-coalitions"
    },
    {
      "title": "  Monday briefing: PM could call in the troops over petrol crisis ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/monday-briefing-troops-petrol"
    },
    {
      "title": "Live  Coronavirus live news: fourth Brazil UN attendee tests positive; life expectancy falls by most since second world war ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2021/sep/27/coronavirus-live-news-fourth-brazil-un-attendee-tests-positive-life-expectancy-falls-by-most-since-second-world-war"
    },
    {
      "title": "  ‘A great loss’: tributes pour in for pioneering PNG female doctor who died from Covid ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/27/a-great-loss-tributes-pour-in-for-pioneering-png-female-doctor-who-died-from-covid"
    },
    {
      "title": "German election  SPD wins narrow victory as Merkel era ends in near-deadlock ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/sep/26/germany-election-race-to-be-next-chancellor-going-to-wire-as-results-come-in"
    },
    {
      "title": "Coronavirus  Pandemic has wiped out years of progress on life expectancy, finds study ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/society/2021/sep/27/covid-has-wiped-out-years-of-progress-on-life-expectancy-finds-study"
    },
    {
      "title": "Cop26   Climate talks will not fulfil aims of Paris agreement, key players warn ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2021/sep/27/cop26-climate-talks-will-not-fulfil-aims-of-paris-agreement-key-players-warn"
    },
    {
      "title": "Tony awards 2021  Moulin Rouge! musical triumphs in a Broadway celebration ",
      "url": "https://www.theguardian.com/stage/2021/sep/27/tony-awards-2021-australian-musical-moulin-rouge-triumphs-in-a-broadway-celebration"
    },
]
```
